Doc update (recurrence.md): fixed incorrect output dimensions, clarified batching. (#1763)
FluxML/Flux.jl: docs/src/models/recurrence.md

y = [rand(Float32, 1, 4) for i = 1:3]
```

> That would mean that we have 4 sentences (or samples), each with 2 features (let's say a very small embedding!) and each with a length of 3 (3 words per sentence). Computing `m(batch[1])`, would still represent `x1 -> y1` in our diagram and returns the first word output, but now for each of the 4 independent sentences (second dimension of the input matrix). We do not need to use `Flux.reset!(m)` here; Each sentence in the batch will output in its own "column", and the outputs of the different sentences won't mix. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That would mean that we have 4 sentences (or samples), each with 2 features (let's say a very small embedding!) and each with a length of 3 (3 words per sentence). Computing `m(batch[1])`, would still represent `x1 -> y1` in our diagram and returns the first word output, but now for each of the 4 independent sentences (second dimension of the input matrix). We do not need to use `Flux.reset!(m)` here; each sentence in the batch will output in its own "column", and the outputs of the different sentences won't mix. 
```

```julia

> #: This part is unchanged from our initial definiton; The batching comes for "free" from the way Julia does broadcasting and the rules of matrix multiplication.

Reviewer: I would move these explanatory comments out to the markdown for consistency.

output_size = 5
input_size = 2
Wxh = randn(Float32, output_size, input_size)
Whh = randn(Float32, output_size, output_size)
b   = randn(Float32, output_size)

function rnn_cell(h, x)
    h = tanh.(Wxh * x .+ Whh * h .+ b)
    return h, h
end
##
# Here, we add batching to our inputs
batch_size = 4
x = rand(Float32, input_size, batch_size) # dummy input data
h = rand(Float32, output_size, batch_size) # random initial hidden state

h, y = rnn_cell(h, x)
``` 

Both the hidden state and the output will now have a last dimension for batching; `h[:, n]` would be the hidden state of the nth sentence in the batch.

```julia
julia> size(h) == size(y) == (output_size, batch_size)
true
```

> In many situations, such as when dealing with a language model, the sentences in each batch typically are independent (e.g., the last item of the first sentence of the first batch is independent from the first item of the first sentence of the second batch), so we cannot handle the model as if each batch was the direct continuation of the previous one. To handle such situations, we need to reset the state of the model between each batch, which can be conveniently performed within the loss function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In many situations, such as when dealing with a language model, the sentences in each batch are independent (i.e. the last item of the first sentence of the first batch is independent from the first item of the first sentence of the second batch), so we cannot handle the model as if each batch was the direct continuation of the previous one. To handle such situations, we need to reset the state of the model between each batch, which can be conveniently performed within the loss function:
```
